[EDU-5814] refactor: update links to videos about Data Stream integrations (#1391)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/observe-journey/data-stream/integrations/connector-splunk.mdx

You can keep track of the calls made by Data Stream to Splunk on [Real-Time Events](/en/documentation/products/observe/real-time-events/). To do so, select **Data Source** > **Data Stream** and choose the filters options as you wish.

Learn how to use  Splunk to receive data from Data Stream. Watch the video below:

<div class="cms-embed">

>   <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VT0JYYG7Rcw?si=Kqt5iec_p58PJvv-" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: title="How to use Splunk to receive data from Data Stream"

>   <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VT0JYYG7Rcw?si=Kqt5iec_p58PJvv-" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Author: ```suggestion
  <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VT0JYYG7Rcw?si=Kqt5iec_p58PJvv-" loading="lazy" title="How to use Splunk to receive data from Data Stream" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
